docs/INSTALLATION.md, before:

# Installation

## Target Version

Testing for this track is based on version __3.37__.
While users may have newer versions installed, they should be aware that some features may not work with our test runner.
Features can be compared on [SQLite version history][version-history].
The version was chosen to maintain maintain compatibility with users on Ubuntu 22.04, the current LTS version.
When the next LTS comes into rotation, we will also update our track.

## Windows

To install SQLite on Windows, follow these steps:

1. Download the precompiled windows binaries from the [official download page][sqlite-download].
2. Extract the downloaded ZIP file to a directory of your choice.
   For example, `C:\Program Files\sqlite3`.
3. Add the directory containing `sqlite3.exe` to the system's PATH environment variable.
   The process is a little different for each Windows version, but the information should be easy to search.
   For example [instructions for Windows 11][windows-11-install] and [Windows 10][windows-10-install].

## macOS

On macOS, SQLite is pre-installed.
However, if you need a newer version, you can use [Homebrew][homebrew]:

```bash
brew install sqlite
```

## Ubuntu / Debian

For Ubuntu and Debian-based systems, you can install SQLite using apt:

```bash
sudo apt install sqlite3
```

## CentOS / Fedora / RHEL

On CentOS, Fedora, and Red Hat-based systems, you can install SQLite using yum or dnf:

```bash
sudo yum install sqlite3
# OR
sudo dnf install sqlite3
```

## Arch Linux

On Arch Linux, you can install SQLite using pacman:

```bash
sudo pacman -S sqlite
```

## Other installation routes and older versions

Refer to the [SQLite download page][sqlite-download] for more information and alternative installation methods.
The `Build Product Names and Info` section has the naming template for different SQLite versions, so you should be able to search for your desired version with your favorite search engine.

[version-history]: https://www.sqlite.org/changes.html
[windows-11-install]: https://windowsloop.com/how-to-add-to-windows-path/
[windows-10-install]: https://helpdeskgeek.com/windows-10/add-windows-path-environment-variable/
[homebrew]: https://brew.sh
[sqlite-download]: https://www.sqlite.org/download.html

Commit message:

Update SQLite version info in the INSTALLATION doc. (#93)
See [forum
thread](https://forum.exercism.org/t/sqlite-install-docs-lists-the-wrong-version/17475)
for context.

Update the docs to reflect that we use alpine 3.18 and that alpine currently uses SQLite 3.41.2

docs/INSTALLATION.md, after:

# Installation

## Target Version

Testing for this track uses the `alpine:3.18` Docker image which, as of May 2025, uses `sqlite3 version 3.41.2`.
We strive to ensure that the tools provided by this track will work on the latest Ubuntu LTS release.
While users may have newer versions installed, they should be aware that some features may not work with our test runner.
Features can be compared on [SQLite version history][version-history].

## Windows

To install SQLite on Windows, follow these steps:

1. Download the precompiled windows binaries from the [official download page][sqlite-download].
2. Extract the downloaded ZIP file to a directory of your choice.
   For example, `C:\Program Files\sqlite3`.
3. Add the directory containing `sqlite3.exe` to the system's PATH environment variable.
   The process is a little different for each Windows version, but the information should be easy to search.
   For example [instructions for Windows 11][windows-11-install] and [Windows 10][windows-10-install].

## macOS

On macOS, SQLite is pre-installed.
However, if you need a newer version, you can use [Homebrew][homebrew]:

```bash
brew install sqlite
```

## Ubuntu / Debian

For Ubuntu and Debian-based systems, you can install SQLite using apt:

```bash
sudo apt install sqlite3
```

## CentOS / Fedora / RHEL

On CentOS, Fedora, and Red Hat-based systems, you can install SQLite using yum or dnf:

```bash
sudo yum install sqlite3
# OR
sudo dnf install sqlite3
```

## Arch Linux

On Arch Linux, you can install SQLite using pacman:

```bash
sudo pacman -S sqlite
```

## Other installation routes and older versions

Refer to the [SQLite download page][sqlite-download] for more information and alternative installation methods.
The `Build Product Names and Info` section has the naming template for different SQLite versions, so you should be able to search for your desired version with your favorite search engine.

[version-history]: https://www.sqlite.org/changes.html
[windows-11-install]: https://windowsloop.com/how-to-add-to-windows-path/
[windows-10-install]: https://helpdeskgeek.com/windows-10/add-windows-path-environment-variable/
[homebrew]: https://brew.sh
[sqlite-download]: https://www.sqlite.org/download.html
